fix(SEO): Add SEO descriptions to English source docs (#4997)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/features/approval-mode.md

---

> description: "Control how Qwen Code interacts with your code. Choose from 4 approval modes — auto, suggest, plan, or bypass — to match your risk tolerance."

Reviewer: This contradicts the page it describes: the doc documents **five** permission modes, named **Plan / Ask Permissions / Auto-Edit / Auto / YOLO** — "suggest" and "bypass" aren't Qwen Code mode names. Since this becomes the search snippet, it would actively mislead users.

```suggestion
description: "Control how Qwen Code interacts with your code. Choose from 5 permission modes — Plan, Ask Permissions, Auto-Edit, Auto, or YOLO — to match your risk tolerance."
```
